Add comments on issue templates and reframe bug-report template (#3203)
airbytehq/airbyte: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-integration-request.md

## Describe the alternative you are considering or using
What are you considering doing if you don’t have this integration through Airbyte?

## Are you willing to submit a PR?
<!--- 

> We accept contributions! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We accept and love contributions! 
```

> We just released the Airbyte Python Connector Development Framework (CDK)!
> This tool simplify a lot to build a new source connector. 
> If you know Python can be a good way to help us adding a new connector.
> You can enter the #airbyte_cdk Slack channel to get more information about this and
> there we'll help you building your connector!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We just released the Airbyte Python Connector Development Framework (CDK), which helps simplify the process of building a new source connector. If you are even somewhat familiar with Python, this can be a good way to help us add a new connector! You can check out the #connector-development Slack channel to get more information about building a connector or to receive help during the process!
```

> Don't feel pressured in any way.

Reviewer: :)
